Adjustments to docs (#3659)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/specviz/displaying.rst

Displaying Spectra
******************

> Specviz takes a modular approach to displaying data to support the flexibility of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specviz takes a modular approach to displaying data to take advantage of the flexibility of
```
I think this might be closer to what the original was getting at.
